 Humans are fascinated by violence and you've got to ask yourself. Why is it the rash guard yes and I talk so much shit that I'm like man if I lose this is going to be rough you're learning. This shut the fuck up. I got you man you were powered by mcdonald's and coca-cola. I want more and then I smacked him and he didn't want to fight anymore uh. I'm not impressed if george. St pierre and khabib nurmagomedov face each other in their prime who wins I'm here with three individuals each of whom are considered by many to be the greatest of all time in each of their respective disciplines. The greatest mma fighter of all time george saint pierre the greatest martial arts coach of all time john donahue and the greatest submission grappler of all time gordon ryan. So let me ask the first question you guys didn't see the question no preparation here. What is the key to your success each of you one thing or multiple things that come to mind john go first um is it the rash guard yes. I like that you choose john right off the bat. You seem the most nervous please inspire us to give the right answer for for me. It's about um finding a way to work in a world where most of the answers are already known okay in any developed sport by the time you enter that sport. Most of the basic precepts the the the major techniques. The major mechanical understandings of the sport are long since worked out and so in a highly developed world. The key to success is to be able to identify some area of the industry that you're in which is currently undervalued to do what the other people are not doing deeper than that your. Everyone has a view of okay. These are the the main skills of the industry I work in at any given time. Some set of skills attributes um will always be somewhat undervalued. They're underappreciated by the people in the game. You see that at any in any given industry there are always trends which change uh the nature of the industry over time. So uh fashion trends in the clothing industry. You'll see at any given time. There's a a a general wave of fashion which pushes most of the people in the industry in a given direction. At a given time. What makes people stand out is the ability to look at the various possibilities out there and say here is something which is genuinely useful but which is currently being underused underutilized and I want to bring that back in and develop it and because it's an inherently useful product. It will be very very successful in its initial applications against people who aren't currently using it um. If you can do this in whatever industry you're in. I believe you'll be highly successful. So this implies both for actual specific like techniques and the also tactics as well in the case of of jiu-jitsu. So for example in my sport leglocks have always been around okay. There's no shortage of people you can look back in history who are applying leg locks. Nonetheless as in across the industry leglocks were undervalued and underappreciated. There was a general sense in which most of the leading figures of the sport uh for most of the history of the sport of judas who tended to de-emphasize leglocks and uh when I looked at them. I said there was there was immense potential but it wasn't being realized and needed to be changed um since then that has more or less occurred. Now most people coming into the sport understand that leglocks are an important aspect and they're no longer undervalued if anything it's gone too far the other way and now perhaps they're a little overvalued um and then this kind of fashion. Trend exists in every industry and the job of anyone who wants to excel in a given industry is to be able to identify okay. What are the things that are currently out of fashion and undervalued and then look at what is their actual objective value and then work uh to to to bring them back to the forefront. So john brought up fashion. Uh george is wearing a really sexy shirt so assuming that's not the reason is there. Um is there something that comes to mind as the key to the success of your incredible career well of course. Everybody knows the famous sensor that every athletes are saying oh it could be genetic. I was maybe gifted. I had certain predisposition. I worked really hard but I think something that people don't talk enough is when everybody sometimes go right. I was never afraid to try to go left and I felt many times trying to do things that were not uh uh known to be things that would br brought me success. But I i I tried it you know. I was very often. I was the first of trying new things and I felt many times but certain times. It gave me a certain advantage and for example I was sometime fighting guys that had much better wrestling background than than me on paper and nobody before that fought. 